Feature/add team variable to jira sprint enhanced (#186)
fivetran/dbt_jira: README.md

| [jira__project_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_jira/#!/model/model.jira.jira__project_enhanced) | One row per project with team member details, issue counts, work velocity metrics, and project scope information. <br><br>**Example Analytics Questions:**<br><ul><li>Which projects have the highest velocity in terms of issues closed per sprint?</li><li>What is the ratio of unassigned open tickets to assigned open tickets by project?</li></ul> |
| [jira__user_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_jira/#!/model/model.jira.jira__user_enhanced) | One row per user with metrics on open and completed issues, and individual work velocity. <br><br>**Example Analytics Questions:**<br><ul><li>Who are the top performers in terms of issues resolved per month?</li><li>Which team members have the highest workload based on open issue count and how long, on average, have those issues been open?</li></ul> |

> | [jira__sprint_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_jira/#!/model/model.jira.jira__sprint_enhanced) | One row per sprint with metrics on issues created, resolved, and carried over, plus story point estimates. If teams are enabled, granularity is one row per team per sprint. <br><br>**Example Analytics Questions:**<br><ul><li>Which sprints had the highest velocity and what made them successful?</li><li>How many story points were planned vs. completed across recent sprints?</li><li>What percentage of issues are typically carried over from sprint to sprint?</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [jira__sprint_enhanced](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_jira/#!/model/model.jira.jira__sprint_enhanced) | One row per sprint per team with metrics on issues created, resolved, and carried over, plus story point estimates. If teams are disabled, granularity is one row per sprint. <br><br>**Example Analytics Questions:**<br><ul><li>Which sprints had the highest velocity and what made them successful?</li><li>How many story points were planned vs. completed across recent sprints?</li><li>What percentage of issues are typically carried over from sprint to sprint?</li></ul> |
```

Author: Good edit, considering that teams are the default granularity now.

  jira_include_conversations: false/true # Disabled by default for Redshift; enabled for other supported warehouses.
```

#### Controlling team-level granularity in `jira__sprint_enhanced`

The `jira_sprint_enhanced_include_teams` variable controls whether the `team` column is included in `jira__sprint_enhanced` and whether metrics are broken out per team.

- `jira_sprint_enhanced_include_teams`: Controls whether team-level granularity is applied in `jira__sprint_enhanced`. This variable only applies when `jira_using_teams` is also enabled.
  - Default: `true` (one row per sprint per team).

>   - Setting this to `false` collapses all team rows into a single row per sprint, with all metrics aggregated at the sprint level. This is useful if youi prefer sprint-level reporting without a team breakdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Setting this to `false` collapses all team rows into a single row per sprint, with all metrics aggregated at the sprint level. This is useful if you prefer sprint-level reporting without a team breakdown.
```

>   - Setting this to `false` collapses all team rows into a single row per sprint, with all metrics aggregated at the sprint level. This is useful if you have the `TEAM` table synced but prefer sprint-level reporting without a team breakdown.

Reviewer: Slight consolidation. 
```suggestion
  - Setting this to `false` collapses all team rows into a single row per sprint, with all metrics aggregated at the sprint level. This is useful if youi prefer sprint-level reporting without a team breakdown.
```
